Fix Typo in Monte Carlo method example (#6857)
dart-lang/site-www: src/content/overview.md

    final ratio = count / total;

    // Area of a circle is A = π⋅r², therefore π = A/r².

>     // So, when given random points with x ∈ <-1,1>,
>     // y ∈ <-1,1>, the ratio of those inside a unit circle

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // We consider only non-negative x and y (that is, the
    // first quadrant), which doesn't change the ratio.
    // So, when given random points with x ∈ [0, 1],
    // y ∈ [0, 1], the ratio of those inside the unit circle
```
